Fix Entra SSO permissions: replace Directory.AccessAsUser.All with correct scopes (#9387)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/platform/manage-access/sso-faq.md

<Expandable alt_header="Receiving a 'AADSTS90094: Admin consent is required' error">

> If you set up SSO before Dec 2025, you may need to request `Directory.Read.All` instead of `GroupMember.Read.All`. Alternatively, delete and re-create your SSO configuration to use the new targeted scopes [mentioned earlier](#configuring-permissions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set up SSO before Dec 2025, you may need to request `Directory.Read.All` instead of `GroupMember.Read.All`. Alternatively, delete and re-create your SSO configuration to use the new targeted scopes. Refer to [Configuring permissions](/docs/platform/manage-access/set-up-sso-microsoft-entra-id#configuring-permissions) for details.
```
